This is all of the code for the Vocabulary Practice Application, a site originally designed to teach students various vocab words in Ms Musk.'s English 9 class.

To run the site, you can click on the link under 'About' on the repo's main page. This will open the index.html page, which is the main page. You do not need to download anything extra, as it can run by itself.

Any classes found in HTML files can be found in the corresponding CSS files, and there you'll find how we styled each of our elements.

lessondata.js contains all of the lesson datas. lesson_data is the actual variable containing a object with each of it's keys being a different lesson. Inside each lesson, there's keys for the words and roots/prefixes/suffixes (rps). The code is commented for more specific details. Lessons 1 and 2 are left empty, so there will be no functioanlity to them while using the site.

index.html is the main page. This is connected to lessons/lessons.js, utilizing the functions that begin with 'index_'. Inside, the 'lesson_container' div contains all of the lesson buttons for each of the lessons in the book. They can either be blue, red, or green, indicated in the class after 'lesson-button-wrapper' in the class title. This indicator is both in the div for the button and in the link button to go to lessons/lessons.html. The checkbox runs the function index_addLesson(), with a argument as the lesson number. The link button both goes to the lessons/lessons.html page and also runs the index_setLesson() function.

In lessons/lessons.js, there are 3 functions that connect to the index.html main page:
 - index_onload() runs when index.html is opened; it resets the current lesson data and hides the button that lets you go to the selected lessons (more on that later)
 - index_addLesson() runs when a checkbox is pressed, it adds a lesson number (as a string) to the current_lessons array, which is then saved onto the session storage; there's more on it in the comments
 - index_setLesson() runs when a button to go to a single lesson is pressed, it saves the singular lesson number in the current_lessons array

All of the buttons (lesson buttons and go to selected lessons button) send you to lessons/lessons.html. The only thing that changes inside is the data. There are buttons for the 5 tests and a button that returns the user to index.html. There's also an empty div that is filled up with the word cards via javascript.

lessons/lessons.html is also connected to lessons/lessons.js, using only the lessons_onload() function, which runs when the page is loaded. The title is set to the lessons selected (has support for multiple). The word container is emptied and addKards() is ran for each lesson selected. It gets the lesson data from lesson_data (in lessons/lessons.html, lessondata.js is also connected, so it gets the data from there, this is also used in other scripts so take note!!) and adds each word as a card with their title, part of speech, and defenition. More detail is in the comments.

The word, definition, synonym, and antonym tests are very simmilar to each other. They all use the same CSS file, lessons/leardefword.css. The HTML for each of them is also very very simmilar to each other. All of them have a text element for the question, a div that has buttons for the 4 anwsers, another text element for the score, and a div that has the completed text for when the user finished the test. In the buttons div, they have a button to return to the lessons page, and a button to reload the page.

All 4 of the scripts are well commented; all of them have an onload function that runs when the page first loads, a setQuestion() function that runs to update the question and anwsers, and a buttonClicked() function that runs when the user presses a button (idx is the position of the button in the anwsers div). They function in the same way; the title and scores are set, and a question is set. Setting the question includes picking a random one from the list of whatever it's testing the user on, making a list of options for anwsers that dont include the actual anwser, setting a index for the correct anwser, then iterating through all of the buttons, setting the button with the correct index to the anwser, and the other buttons get one of the random options made earlier. The buttonClicked() function turns the button red when you get it wrong and green when tou get it right. When you get it right it also checks to make sure you got it right on the first time and if you do, the score increases and the anwser is removed from the options to use; another question is set if there are still options left, and when there are no more, the completed text is shown.

lessons/SpellingTest/WordINputTest.html is the only unique quiz (it even has it's own CSS!). It has an text element for the defenition prompt, a form to type in the corresponding word and submit it, and 2 divs to show text telling you if you got it right/wrong, and the score. Like with the other tests, there's a div that has buttons to restart and go to the main page.

lessons/SpellingTest/Wordinput.js is also different from the other ones. onload() runs when the page loads, most of it is the same as the other tests, but instead the score text is a tad bit different and getNewPrompt() is the new function that runs to set the question. In this function all of the unused words are obtained. If there are are no more the test ends, and if there is, a random one is picked and set as the prompt. A event listener is connected to the submit button on the form, this is where is processes what the user inputted. The input is standardized and if it's correct, it shows that you got it correct, updates the score, and goes onto the next question. If it's wrong it just tells you that its wrong.

Thank you, and I hope you found this useful!